Change Explorer to Catalog (#7629)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/access-dbt-insights.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-insights/insights-query-history.png" width="95%" title="dbt Insights Query history icon" />

### Use dbt Catalog

Access [<Constant name="explorer" />](/docs/explore/explore-projects) directly in <Constant name="query_page" /> to view project resources such as models, columns, metrics, and dimensions, and more — all integrated in the <Constant name="query_page" /> interface. 

This integrated view allows you and your users to maintain your query workflow, while getting more context on models, semantic models, metrics, macros, and more. The integrated <Constant name="explorer" /> view comes with:
- Same search capabilities as <Constant name="explorer" />
- Allows users to narrow down displayed objects by type

> - Hyperlink from SQL code `ref` to the corresponding Catalog page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hyperlink from SQL code `ref` to the corresponding <Constant name="explorer" /> page
```
